---
date: "2025-03-26T21:54:19+01:00"
draft: false
title: "Lets start a Blog..."
---
## Introduction

All beginnings are difficult. This sentence fits the start of a new chapter
when the topic is "lets start a blog". This is especially true if you have very
high expectations of yourself and have made your hobby your profession or
life's work. Everything has to be perfect here. There are endless questions
that you ask yourself and you want to have all of them answered before you
start implementing them. But with this topic in particular, it is important to
simply get started. And that's exactly what's happening now. Welcome world,
hello tech blog from Kuebler-IT and the person(s) behind it.

## Why have your own blog?

I have asked myself this question again and again in my career as an IT
specialist or in colloquial language "nerd". The first time I asked myself this
question when blogging became a trend in the early 2000s and the first
blog-compatible content management systems (CMS), such as WordPress were
published. For those of you who are younger, that was before "Youtube" and
after the "everyone has a cell phone" era. During this time I couldn't answer
the question conclusively for myself, because as a teenager it hadn't even
occurred to me to share the knowledge I had acquired.

## How to create your own blog?

About a decade later, I was ready and realized why it makes sense to create a
blog. The whole topic was triggered again because I met like-minded people in a
new working environment who had already been running a blog for several
years. In search of the perfect tool and layout, which of course was never
found, I naturally wanted to do it myself. With my own hands. A new project
idea started, a suitable blog software had to be written. Due to time
constraints and other priorities, this has not realized until today.

## Wann ist es Zeit f√ºr einen Blog?

Almost 10 years later, the thought and desire to create a blog comes back.
Driven by the volatile world of the Internet, where information and knowledge
are lost so quickly due to change. An article, a documentation or instructions
that was published some time ago is suddenly no longer there. And this always
happens exactly when you have almost forgotten the knowledge about a certain
topic, but you need it again and still know exactly where to look to bring it
back to mind. You could now say, okay, I'll just use generative AI, which will
lead me quickly to my goal. But what is that? The information that all these
AIs have as a data basis comes from where? Right from the wide world of the
internet. And right now, at the beginning of the age of Generative AI, it is
particularly important to use this knowledge, which you have researched
yourself and validated or tested through your own implementation, to put it
back to the public in your own words. This way, the scraper bots can use this
information to deliver even more accurate and better results themselves.
